Simplify long sentences (#2443)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/coroutine-closures.md

## HIR

Async closures (and in the future, other coroutine flavors such as `gen`) are represented in HIR as a `hir::Closure`.

> Its closure-kind is `ClosureKind::CoroutineClosure(_)`[^k1], which wraps an async block, which is also represented in HIR as a `hir::Closure`.

Reviewer: "its" can be thought to refer to "Async closures"
```suggestion
The closure-kind of the `hir::Closure` is `ClosureKind::CoroutineClosure(_)`[^k1], which wraps an async block, which is also represented in HIR as a `hir::Closure`.
```
